README.md, before:

# 02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project
Week two - advanced CSS mini project.

## Description

My why will always be my daughter. She is 3 months old. She motivates me to make sure I am grasping the information being taught to me. I built this project for the same reason, I want to take the time to review and apply my knowledge to show im understanding each lesson. The problems these concepts can solve include styling issues, creating interactive web pages and creating efficiency and clarity for the user. I learned that CSS is way more than solid colors on a web page. With many different characteristics to choose from, there are unlimited options for design.


## Installation

N/A

## Usage

There are a couple of different features i'd like to point out on this project. 
First, we have a pseudo-class: hover. When we hover over each box, the dashed outline and each header will glow.<br>
ie. Original<br>
<img width="399" alt="flexbox-row" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/8c9437ea-d3b2-442f-a933-44f2df35304e"><br>
Hover<br>
<img width="397" alt="flexbox-row-glow" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/b0365872-36f0-4e84-8d12-18ed3c3f6316">

Second, as it is a CSS code cheat sheet, when the user clicks the code it will highlight everything for the user so that is ready to copy.
ie. Original<br>
<img width="399" alt="flexbox-row" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/8c9437ea-d3b2-442f-a933-44f2df35304e"><br>
Highlighted<br>
<img width="398" alt="flexbox-row-highlight" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/04e317a4-c0e4-45e8-9f94-4489baa23cb4">

Lastly, media queries were added so that based on the device being used, the experience would be different. In this case, some of the font colors will change dependant on the screen size.
ie. Desktop - Screen size greater than 992px<br>
<img width="1280" alt="media-query-desktop" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/f3f51342-0676-4a1d-892a-3a2d1a27a079">
Tablet Size - Between 769px and 992px<br>
<img width="919" alt="media-query-992px" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/6b51cbdb-182e-4443-8ec0-3aa09c9c384c">
Mobile Device - 768px and below<br>
<img width="763" alt="media-query-768px" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/6a8de778-998e-4bf9-b072-2c93bdd97a17">


## Credits

I really wanted to build as much of this project on my own by referring to google or class notes. The class notes helped me a lot, then I would resort to google. Lastly, I needed to reverse engineer certain things from the solutions provided for this project when I was really stumped.


https://www.w3schools.com/css/tryit.asp?filename=trycss_border_round
https://www.w3schools.com/css/tryit.asp?filename=trycss3_border-radius
https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_pre.asp
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_pseudo_classes.asp
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_mediaqueries.asp
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_flexbox.asp
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_gradients.asp

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.

## Badges

N/a

## Features

See usage.

## How to Contribute

N/a

## Tests

Please test the webpage by going through the examples in the usage section on the live url on each box.
https://samamiraa.github.io/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project

Commit message:

added license section in README

README.md, after:

# 02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project
Week two - advanced CSS mini project.

## Description

My why will always be my daughter. She is 3 months old. She motivates me to make sure I am grasping the information being taught to me. I built this project for the same reason, I want to take the time to review and apply my knowledge to show im understanding each lesson. The problems these concepts can solve include styling issues, creating interactive web pages and creating efficiency and clarity for the user. I learned that CSS is way more than solid colors on a web page. With many different characteristics to choose from, there are unlimited options for design.


## Installation

N/A

## Usage

There are a couple of different features i'd like to point out on this project. 
First, we have a pseudo-class: hover. When we hover over each box, the dashed outline and each header will glow.<br>
ie. Original<br>
<img width="399" alt="flexbox-row" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/8c9437ea-d3b2-442f-a933-44f2df35304e"><br>
Hover<br>
<img width="397" alt="flexbox-row-glow" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/b0365872-36f0-4e84-8d12-18ed3c3f6316">

Second, as it is a CSS code cheat sheet, when the user clicks the code it will highlight everything for the user so that is ready to copy.
ie. Original<br>
<img width="399" alt="flexbox-row" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/8c9437ea-d3b2-442f-a933-44f2df35304e"><br>
Highlighted<br>
<img width="398" alt="flexbox-row-highlight" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/04e317a4-c0e4-45e8-9f94-4489baa23cb4">

Lastly, media queries were added so that based on the device being used, the experience would be different. In this case, some of the font colors will change dependant on the screen size.
ie. Desktop - Screen size greater than 992px<br>
<img width="1280" alt="media-query-desktop" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/f3f51342-0676-4a1d-892a-3a2d1a27a079">
Tablet Size - Between 769px and 992px<br>
<img width="919" alt="media-query-992px" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/6b51cbdb-182e-4443-8ec0-3aa09c9c384c">
Mobile Device - 768px and below<br>
<img width="763" alt="media-query-768px" src="https://github.com/samamiraa/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project/assets/146762114/6a8de778-998e-4bf9-b072-2c93bdd97a17">


## Credits

I really wanted to build as much of this project on my own by referring to google or class notes. The class notes helped me a lot, then I would resort to google. Lastly, I needed to reverse engineer certain things from the solutions provided for this project when I was really stumped.


https://www.w3schools.com/css/tryit.asp?filename=trycss_border_round
https://www.w3schools.com/css/tryit.asp?filename=trycss3_border-radius
https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_pre.asp
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_pseudo_classes.asp
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_mediaqueries.asp
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_flexbox.asp
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_gradients.asp

## License

The MIT License is short and to the point. It lets people do almost anything they want with your project, like making and distributing closed source versions.

---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.

## Badges

N/a

## Features

See usage.

## How to Contribute

N/a

## Tests

Please test the webpage by going through the examples in the usage section on the live url on each box.
https://samamiraa.github.io/02-Adv-CSS-Mini-Project
